In the
last lecture you learned how to enumerate the properties of an object.
Now using this technique we can get all the properties in an object
and copy them into another object. So let's say
you want to create another circle object, which is a copy of
an object here.  I'm going to call that another. So constant
another initially we set it to an empty
object, now we can use the for in loop to iterate
over all the properties in an object, and copy them
into this new object. So for, let key,
in circle, now we use the bracket notation to
access a property with a given key. So we set another
of key to circle of key.
So basically here in the first iteration, key will be
radius, so this code will be equivalent to this. Another
of radius, so we're setting the radius
property of another object to circle
of radius, now here on the right side of the
assignment operator, you're reading the radius property of the circle,
the value of this property is 1, so we get 1 and put it
in the radius property of the another object. Okay?
Now lets log another on the console,
save the changes, so here we have this radius
property is set to 1, and here's our draw method so if we call
another.draw everything works as we expect, beautiful.
But this approach for copying or cloning
an object is a little bit old. In modern JavaScript we have better
ways to achieve the same thing. One way is to use the object.assign
method. Let me show you. So I'm going to comment out
these few lines, we have this object that
we have seen before, this object has a method called assign,
now here as the first argument we can pass a target
object which can be an empty object, or an existing object, you will see
the difference in a second. And then we can pass 1 or more
source objects. Let's say
circle. What this method does is it takes all
the properties of this method in the source object and copies them
into this new object, and finally returns the result
here. So this line of code is exactly
equivalent to these three lines. We save the changes,
we get the exact same result. Now this target object
pass here doesn't have to be an empty object, it can be an existing object, it can
have 1 or more properties or methods, so as an example,
let's add a color property here, we set that to
yellow, now, save the changes, so,
this new object has the color property
that we initially had here, as well as the members of the circle object.
So this is the object.assign method. Now let me
revert this back to an empty object, I'm going to show you
yet another simpler and more elegant way to
clone an object. We can use the spread operator,
so, another, here we set this to a new
object, and then use the spread operator, which is
three dots, to spread the circle object. Basically
what this operator does is that it takes all the properties and methods
in this object and puts them here.
In between these curly braces. So this is the simplest way
to clone an object. Save the changes, again, we get the exact same
object as before. So here's what I want you to take away,
object.assign copies the properties and methods from 1
or more source objects into a target object, and we can
use that to clone an object, or combine multiple objects into
a single object, and the spread operator is used
to spread an object, which basically means getting all it's properties and
methods and putting them into another object.